miRNA-gene, resources/edge_data/gene-miRNA.txt
miRNA-disease, resources/edge_data/miRNA-disease.txt
gene-disease, resources/edge_data/gene-disease.tsv
miRNA-tsRNA, resources/edge_data/tsRNA-miRNA.txt
tsRNA-disease, resources/edge_data/tsRNA-disease.txt
gene-snoRNA, resources/edge_data/snoRNA-gene.txt
snoRNA-miRNA, resources/edge_data/snoRNA-miRNA.txt
snoRNA-snoRNA, resources/edge_data/snoRNA-snoRNA.txt
snoRNA-lncRNA, resources/edge_data/snoRNA-lncRNA.txt
snoRNA-snRNA, resources/edge_data/snoRNA-snRNA.txt
lncRNA-disease, resources/edge_data/lncRNA-disease.txt
circRNA-disease, resources/edge_data/circRNA-disease.txt
lncRNA-protein, resources/edge_data/lncRNA-protein.txt
protein-miRNA, resources/edge_data/miRNA-TF.txt
chemical-miRNA, resources/edge_data/miRNA-chemical.txt
gRNA-gene, resources/edge_data/gRNA-gene.txt
chemical-disease, resources/edge_data/chemical-disease.tsv
ASO-gene, resources/edge_data/ASO-gene.txt
lncRNA-gene, resources/edge_data/lncRNA-gene.txt
chemical-gene, resources/edge_data/chemical-gene.tsv
gene-gene, resources/edge_data/gene-gene.txt
protein-protein, resources/edge_data/protein-protein.txt
gene-protein, resources/processed_data/ENTREZ_GENE_PRO_ONTOLOGY_MAP.txt
chemical-protein, resources/edge_data/chemical-protein.tsv
siRNA-gene, resources/edge_data/siRNA-gene.txt
siRNA-geneICBP, resources/edge_data/siRNA-geneICBP.txt
shRNA-gene, resources/edge_data/shRNA-gene.txt
aptamer-protein, resources/edge_data/aptamer-protein.txt
ASO-protein11007, resources/edge_data/ASO-protein11007.txt
ASO-protein10002, resources/edge_data/ASO-protein10002.txt
aptamer-disease, resources/edge_data/aptamer-disease.txt
mRNAv-disease, resources/edge_data/mRNAv-disease.txt
ASO-disease, resources/edge_data/ASO-disease.txt
siRNA-disease, resources/edge_data/siRNA-disease.txt
riboswitch-protein, resources/edge_data/riboswitch-protein.txt
riboswitch-gobp, resources/edge_data/riboswitch-gobp.txt
ribozyme-gobp, resources/edge_data/ribozyme-gobp.txt
viralRNA-ribozyme, resources/edge_data/viralRNA-ribozyme.txt
chemical-pathway, resources/edge_data/chemical-pathway.txt
chemical-gobp, resources/edge_data/chemical-gobp.tsv
gene-pathway, resources/edge_data/gene-pathway.tsv
protein-pathway, resources/edge_data/protein-pathway.tsv
protein-gobp, resources/edge_data/protein-gobp.gaf
pathway-gocc, resources/edge_data/pathway-gocc.reactome
lncRNA-role, resources/edge_data/lncRNA-role.txt
lncRNA-gocc, resources/edge_data/lncRNA-gocc.txt
lncRNA-gobp, resources/edge_data/lncRNA-gobp.txt
protein-gocc1018, resources/edge_data/protein-gocc.txt
miRNA-gobp, resources/edge_data/miRNA-gobp.txt
circRNA-miRNA, resources/edge_data/circRNA-miRNA.txt
snoRNA-gobp, resources/edge_data/snoRNA-gobp.txt
mRNA-gocc, resources/edge_data/mRNA-gocc.txt
miRNA-gocc, resources/edge_data/miRNA-gocc.txt
circRNA-gocc, resources/edge_data/circRNA-gocc.txt
chemical-gocc, resources/edge_data/chemical-gocc.tsv
protein-gocc1025, resources/edge_data/protein-gocc.gaf